Prologue: The Coronation
       A regal man walked down the center aisle of a spacious courtroom. Behind him the great wood doors slammed shut; ahead the throne waited, empty. 
       Hundreds had traveled from far off provinces to witness this moment: the crowning of such a great man. The most affluent, the nobles and well to do merchants, stood on either side of the aisle. Their clothes were extravagant-flamboyant even-especially when compared to the austere military cut of the tall man who walked between them. 
       He wore a dark green suit, the hems trimmed with accents of gold. This was extravagant for him. He had never been one of excess, preferring function to aesthetics, unlike his peers to either side. But they would not be his peers much longer. He was to ascend beyond them. At long last, he would be king.
       The people loved him. He was lauded as a hero of the realm. His reputation preceded him.  The Victor of the Hundred Day War. The Conqueror of the Demon Hordes. The Slayer of Ismath the vile dragon. The Captain of the Emerald Crusaders. The list went on and on. There were few in all the world who could even try to match him in honor. 
       He stopped only a moment as he walked down the crimson carpet laid out over the stone floor. His eyes rested on a woman standing amid the crowd. The lady of his heart. She wore a pale green dress of the finest silks and satins layered with lace and ribbon. His fiancée. 
       She smiled demurely, turning away. His angelic smile grew wider at the sight of her. Not enough for anyone besides his most trusted aids to have noticed, but enough that she knew. He continued down the aisle, not sparing another glance at the crowd.
       Instead he focused on the dais ahead. A knight in shining armor stood to the right, a man in flowing blue robes stood to the left. The knight held a sword before her, the tip resting on the stone floor, her hands folded upon the ruby pommel. The robed man held a circlet upon a padded tray. The circlet was a simple affair, a gold band with a single emerald in the center.  
       The man was a foot from the dais when the doors flew open. With a cascading BANG, they burst from their hinges. A gust of gale wind followed, ripping the sapphire banners of the royal family of Lolyk from the walls. Guards flew through after the doors, knocked from their feet. Shouts rang through the halls outside. 
       A hooded figure ran through. 
       The guards within the room started to charge. A guest screamed, others began to move, as if they intended to run from the room. 
       The figure ignored all this, her path set directly ahead. 
       The man turned, a half-formed shout of shock on his lips. 
       The words never formed. His cry for help, his last words, whatever they had been were silenced forever. Her dagger found him far too soon for anything else. The dagger she had drawn before she'd even entered was already hilt deep in his heart. 
       The man staggered forward, falling over her shoulder. She stumbled back with him, letting him roll off her to the floor. His body slumped to the ground with a solid thud. 
       A stunned silence falls over the hall. It lasts only a moment, not even an entire second. Long enough for those present to come to one unavoidable conclusion. 
       The crown prince was dead.
	The figure stood over her kill, unmoving. The guards rushed to surround her, but now it was pointless. She had no intention of fleeing. They swarmed her, grabbing her arms, her shoulders, baring steel in her face, at her throat. She didn't flinch.
       They pulled the hood back to see her shocking white hair, partially braided on one side. The style reveals one ear, but that is more than enough to prove who she is. Its pointed tip was proof of her parentage. She was the daughter of a demon. 
       She opened her eyes. Eyes that glowed purple with arcane power.  All in attendance recoiled at the sight of them, yet they lacked the hard edge of a murderer. Rather they almost looked as if they were about to cry.
       There was only one woman with such features, yet, as if she felt the need to banish any doubt, she declared to the stunned crowd, "I am Alistair, the Banished Mage. I throw myself at the mercy of the kingdom." 
       The Banished Mage had returned.
       The crowd was silent as the Banished Mage was escorted out. Her head stood high as she strode out of the defiled throne room. She stared straight on without a shred of regret in her eyes. Her shoulders relaxed with every step she took from her kill, like a great burden had finally been lifted from her soul.



Framing Set Up: The Hall of Heroes
	Knight Captain Rose Delores made her rounds of the castle as she did every evening, watching the sunset through the palace's second story windows as she walked. All that remained of today's rounds was the Hall of Heroes, her last stop before she retreated to her own rooms for the night. Like always, it filled her with dread. 
	"Captain," one of the Hall's guards saluted as Rose approached. 
	"Marques." Rose waved away his salute. "All quiet?" 
	He nodded. "Nothing to report, captain."
	"Good," Rose said as she entered the Hall.
	The Hall was a squarish room, a wide window filling the far wall. The window was now a stained-glass pane, although Rose remembered the view when it wasn't. In the morning, the window was lit with the dawn's sun, illuminating the image of five young adventurers, the Wandering Vagabonds. It was for that reason, Rose never entered this room before noon. Now, in the evening's dusk, the window was too dark to tell that it depicted anything.
	On the walls, various paintings hung. Some of them immortalizing deeds of distant heroes from the kingdom's legends, but most depicting events far fresher. 
       The crown prince at the time had commissioned this room's refurbishment after the death of his sister, Katryn, to honor her. With his death, the room had again undergone a makeover, now to honor him and many other heroes of the past as well.
       Since then, it had become a popular place for young knights and nobles seeking a place for quiet reflection. For Rose, it was nothing more than an uncomfortable reminder of the past. That was another reason she only ever came at night, when few were about. 
       Tonight, she was not so lucky though, for a girl with long, blond, curling hair stood before the stained-glass window. She turned at the sound of Rose's entrance.  A smile lit her face and soft blue eyes at the sight of the knight-captain. 
       "Lady Rose!"
       Rose smiled back at the young, crown princess. She was the spitting image of her older sister, Rose thought, except the eyes. The eyes were the same soft blue of her older brother. So similar, that looking at the child hurt her heart. 
       Still, to greet the girl with anything but a polite smile was unthinkable, so a polite smile she pressed to her lips. "Highness."
       The girl frowned. "Why do you always call me that? You always called my sister and brother by their name's."
       "I don't know what you mean, highness. I believe I always spoke to them with the same respect I now show you."
       She crossed her arms over her chest.
       "A lady should not pout, highness," Rose reminded her. 
       The girl's frown only deepened at the comment. "I know you used to use their names when it was just you guys. I just want to know why you won't do the same for me."
       "I'm your knight, highness." Rose folded her hands behind her back, puffing her chest out and squaring her shoulders. 
       "You were theirs too!"
       Rose's shoulders slumped at the accusation. "It was another time."
       The princess turned back to the darkened stained-glass window, her arms still crossed over her chest.  
       Rose relaxed, or relaxed as much as she was able in the Hall. She took her usual seat by the door and pulled a bracelet from her pocket.  Four charms hung from the silver chain. Her head drooped and her eyes closed as she leaned over the bracelet in her hands. Her fingers clung to one charm, a gold cat. 
       Under her breath, Rose muttered her prayer. It wasn't much, but it was what she could do. There wasn't much comfort in it, but she did not deserve comfort.   
       "Lady Rose?" the princess asked. She leaned over Rose, her head cocked to one side, her eyes on the bracelet in Rose's hand.
       Rose shoved the bracelet back in her pocket, looking away. "Yes, highness?"
       "I just wondered..." She hesitated, her eyes flicking back to Rose's pocket before making her decision. "...if you might tell me about the Wandering Vagabonds?" 
       Rose raised an eyebrow. "What's to tell? Everyone knows their stories. They held the best adventurer record the Adventurer's Guild has seen in over twenty years. More rescue and escort missions than any party in at least thirty." She shrugged. What more was there to say?
       "But weren't you one of them?" the princess asked.
       Rose stood and stepped away from the girl. "Yes, highness." 
       The princess's eyes were wide. A smile grew on her face. 
       Rose turned away, suddenly finding the painting on the wall of Ulgot the Great of immense interest. 
       "Lady Rose." The princess had sidled up to Rose and now stood at her elbow. 
       "Hm?" Rose grunted. 
       "What was it like to be an adventurer?" 
       Rose glanced down at the girl. The princess looked up at her, her soft blue eyes wide with admiration. Rose turned away again. "More chaotic than being a knight. More work. Much more dangerous." 
       "Do you miss those days?"  
       "It is not a life I could recommend to anyone." 
       The princess frowned. "But you were a hero." 
        "It's nothing to brag about."
       "Why?"
       Rose shook her head. "It's in the past."
       The words didn't directly answer the princess's question, but Rose didn't elaborate further.
       "Please," the girl said. "Tell me a story of when you were a Wandering Vagabond."
       Rose only sighed. "Anyone can tell you about it, highness." She gestured to the books in the bookcases around the room. "Plenty of our stories have already been recorded in this room. Why do you want me to tell it?"
       The princess was silent for a moment, her hands clenching the fabric of her dress at her sides.  "Because I want to hear the truth."
       Rose chuckled. "What do you think they recorded?"
       "A bard's tale."
       Rose snorted. "Then listen close. If you want to hear it that badly, I'll tell you."


Story: An Early Adventure
	A girl and a boy stood with their backs pressed against the wall, mist curling around their faces. Each clutched sword hilts in their trembling hands. At age thirteen, Rose was a gangly girl, thin as a twig even in her padded leather and iron armor. 
       This was not her first mission. She told herself that her trembling hands had more to do with the unnatural cold in the air than the fear in her stomach.
	"Think she's still there?" Rihan, the blond-haired boy beside her, asked. He spoke in a hushed tone but was neither hesitant nor fearful. Even then, at age twelve, he knew how to keep the fear out of his voice. He had always been, and always would be, an accomplished actor. 
	"Probably," Rose whispered back. She glanced around the corner. The hallway was dark. The mist rolled over the stone floor and past the rotting walls. There was no sign of life. "But I don't see her." 
	"That's almost worse," Rihan muttered to himself. If they could see their target, then they'd know she wasn't creeping up behind them. And when they hunted a banshee, one of the greater ghostly spirits-or rather when a banshee hunted them-that was no small fear. 
       "And her dogs?" Rihan asked. It was not uncommon for greater spirits to summon familiars to their side, especially, if they had been capable of magic in life. This banshee had mastered ice magic before her human death and now seemed able to call frost hounds. 
       They hadn't expected that when they had entered. Intellectually, it had been a possibility. But for the creatures to have been set upon them so soon after they entered, it had been unexpected. The Wandering Vagabonds had scattered in their attempt to survive the opening wave.  
	But it seemed things had finally calmed down again. 
       "I think the coast might be clear." 
	"We need to find the others," Rihan said. "We can't just hide here." 
	It was supposed to have been a simple mission from the Adventurer's Guild. Destroy the banshee. Bring back proof of her passing.
	They had faced sirens whose voices disoriented and harpies whose shrieks stunned and thought themselves prepared for the banshee whose voice could do either. They hadn't expected her to draw forth the power of ice or summon beasts with it as well. 
       They had fought ice mages in the past, who could whip up blizzards if given time or send a hail of frozen arrows in a pinch. They hadn't expected the banshee to hurl spears of ice from the fog itself. 
       They had defeated werewolves, whose raw strength and tearing claws they had thought were peerless. They hadn't expected the banshee to match it, or for her to fight with a soldier's instincts. 
       They had considered what to do about a summoned familiar and had contingencies for pairs or groups of three as well. They had not prepared to walk into a den of frost hounds, or for them to so easily separate the party when they did.
       In short, they were outclassed. Regrouping again seemed the only chance for success. 
	"Suggestions on finding them?" Rose asked. 
	Rihan shook his head. "If they are lucky, the others have lost or defeated their pursuers by now. They'll be looking for us too."
	"So, we should just wander until"-A scream piercing the gloom cut off Rose's words. Its source came from the floor above them.
       Rihan and Rose exchanged a single look before they were both running down the mist filled corridors, both keeping low and close to the walls.
	"Was that Kat?" Rose asked as they ran. She kept her voice low. The last thing they needed was to attract the attention of more frost hounds, or worse the banshee herself.
	"You think my sister would scream like that?" Rihan asked. 
	Rose shrugged. "It wasn't Kerrie." 
	"Might have been Daud."
	"That was a pretty girly scream."
	"Then that was the banshee?" Rihan scoffed. 
	Rose ran through the possible options. "With Kerrie being least likely, followed by the banshee, then Aaryn, Daud is more likely than Kat, yes." 
	"So, it was Daud." 
	"Don't pick on Daud when he can't defend himself," Rose said. 
	"Picking on Daud?" Rihan asked. He affected a look of shock and outrage, which Rose ignored. "Me? Never. Certainly not where he could defend himself." 
	"Certainly," Rose replied with a snort.  
Fight: Frost Hounds
 	But it wasn't Daud that they found first. Instead at the foot of the stairs they caught sight of Aaryn, a dark-haired boy, holding a pair of daggers. He was locked in battle with a wolf-like creature, a frost hound.  
	It lunged at Aaryn, its mouth wide open for the bite. Aaryn sidestepped the creature, driving one of his daggers into its slate colored coat. The blade left a long gash as the hound's own momentum pulled the blade through its flesh.
	It snapped its jaws to the side, trying to catch Aaryn before the boy could skirt away again, but to no avail. Aaryn kept up his dance with the monster without a flaw. But then, this kind of knife fight had always been his specialty. 
	Rose and Rihan were going to let him finish the creature on his own. Stepping in would only throw off Aaryn's pattern and hinder more than help at this stage. 
       A howl behind them changed that. Rose and Rihan drew their swords. A howl behind Aaryn joined the fray. And then another. From other parts of the ruined building more howls filled the night. From the floor above came a wailing shriek drowning out all other sound. The banshee.
	They had to deal with her pets before she joined this fight. 
       "Group up!" Rihan shouted, wasting no time to run to Aaryn's side. 
       One of the hounds leapt at Rose as she moved to take her place beside them. She raised her shield, just barely managing to keep the hound's jaws from clamping down on her body. It pushed her back though, separating her from Aaryn and Rihan. 
       Half of the four turned their attention to her, the other half pinned Rihan and Aaryn. 
       The two on her kept on opposite sides, circling her. Their eyes, glowing a ghastly supernatural blue, watched her. Her hands trembled from the combined weight of her weapon and shield and the fear coursing through her body. Still the two circled.
       Wolves are calculating hunters. They pick their targets, the weak and the frail. Given their choice, they'd follow a herd for miles waiting for an ideal moment to strike. Frost hounds were no different. 
       They were evaluating her, looking for the best moment to strike. She knew this was to her advantage. Rihan and Aaryn had a decent chance of taking out their two opponents. The longer these two waited to attack, the less time she would need to survive their onslaught before Rihan or Aaryn could rescue her. 
       But they had decided she was the weak link.   
       She needed to be rescued. She knew there was no shame in being unable to kill two frost hounds. She knew professionals had difficulty hunting them. That a pair was more than enough to take down grown men. She knew a young woman like herself should have no chance. That she should wait for her betters to come and rescue her. 
       She knew that she had no place here. This was a battle field. No place for a girl meant for courts of silk and smiles. She knew she had no business in her leather armor or hefting her shield up over her body.
       She knew that. But she'd already made her choice. 
       For singling her out as weak, she'd make them regret that decision. 
       Despite the fear consuming her, that thought sparked something in her. She didn't wait for the two circling her to lunge. She charged the one opposite Rihan and Aaryn. 
       The wolves didn't startle. They bared their fangs and met her. 
       She shield bashed the one ahead of her as it ran to meet her. In the same movement she turned and swung her sword around behind her. The blade caught the second beast across the nose. 
       Her sword rose to strike the hound a second time, but the first jumped her from behind. It clamped onto her shoulder. An intense cold radiated out from the bite, the flesh freezing on contact with the creature's teeth. 
       She caught her scream in gritted teeth, biting back her pain. The second hound took this moment to bite her leg. She caught its face again with her sword as it tried, despite her pain. 
       The one biting into her shoulder thrashed, trying to pull open the wound. She stabbed her sword at it, unable to target its vulnerable parts over her shoulder. 
       Her thrust ripped the monster from her body, but it took the iron armor plate from her shoulder with it.
       It was all she could do to hold onto her weapons and back pedal toward the wall. The two frost hounds watched her as she backed away, reevaluating. Both were bloodied. One of her strikes to the face appeared to have left a deep gash. The other's blue tinted fur had been stained red, equal parts from her blood and its own.  
       She spared a second to look to see how Rihan and Aaryn were doing. They stood across the room from her. A cursory glance revealed them both to be bloodied, but for at least one of their opponents to be limping. She didn't dare to look away from her opponents any longer than that though. 
       This time, she waited for the hounds to strike first. Reason had reasserted itself. There would be a time and place for foolish emotional outbursts about her self-worth, but only if she survived this. Every moment the hounds stalled was another Rihan and Aaryn had to finish their opponents off. 
       "Rose!" Rihan's voice called over the battlefield. Rose didn't look up. Didn't give any indication her attention had left the still very dangerous frost hounds before her. "Regroup in: Three!" 
       A quick glance at the other group, she saw Rihan had his sword deep in one of their two monsters. 
       "Two!" Rihan roared. Rose tried raising her shield again. It was too heavy. Her shoulder in too much pain to hold in position any more. 
       "One!" 
       Rose closed her eyes at the call, but she knew a flash of light filled the room. 
       She dropped her shield and leapt forward, her eyes open again safe in the knowledge that the flash would last only a moment. 
       Panicked her two opponents had lunged at where she had been standing with the flash. But she was no longer there. 
       Rose struck one of her opponents as it past her, leaving a long deep gash in its hind leg. It howled in pain as it tried to turn on her. But Rose stepped back, avoiding it and its heavily bleeding partner.
       Meanwhile, Rihan and Aaryn split, running on opposite sides of their limping opponent. It lunged at Rihan, who danced out of its range. Aaryn took the opening to drive his dagger into the body of the hound. It turned to try and bite Aaryn, but as it did, Rihan stepped in again and stabbed it as well. It gave a pitiful growl and collapsed to the ground. 
       Rihan and Aaryn turned to stand beside Rose then. 
       The three of them stood before the bloodied frost hounds, looking no more like children than the beasts before them looked like puppies.
       "On my mark, Rose, take the limping one," Rihan ordered. "Aaryn, thread the needle." 
       "Right," Rose and Aaryn said. 
       Rihan took a deep breath, adjusting the blade in his hand. Rose and Aaryn did likewise. 
       "Mark," Rihan breathed. Rose and Rihan both ran at the frost hounds, Rose to the one whose leg she'd injured on the right, Rihan toward the other on the left. 
       The creatures lunged as the two fighters approached. Rose swung her sword as it did. 
       The hound managed to stop short of the blade's strike, but its skidding left it open to Aaryn who seemed to materialize out of the mist. His daggers found their marks. One embedded itself deep in the hound's back while the other slid across the creature's neck.
       Rose didn't wait for the creature to fall. She knew where her blade was needed. 
       In a flash she stood behind Rihan's hound. She swung her blade in a sweeping slash, cutting deep into its hindlegs. It started to turn to snap at her. 
       Rihan took that moment to drive his sword through its neck. 
       And like that, all four lay on the ground, life gone or fast leaving.  
Reunite with Kat and Daud
       Rose let out a deep sigh of relief as she dropped to the ground beside the stairs, her sword falling beside her. 
       "How are you holding up, Rose?" Rihan asked her. 
       "I'll live," she said, closing her eyes. She put a hand to her shoulder, wincing. Blood oozed from the wound, but her armor had served her well. The shoulder plate had taken the brunt of the damage. There were only a couple puncture marks in the leather beneath, and while each of those was bleeding, her shoulder was still attached, and that was something. 
       "Did I hear more when this all started?" Aaryn asked. He had wrapped his left forearm in a strip of cloth that looked suspiciously like it had come from his tunic hem.
       "I thought so too," Rose agreed. "Any chance we scared them off by taking out this lot?" 
       Rihan shook his head. "They're the banshee's pets. They'll defend her to their last breath."
       Rose sighed. "Any chance we'll find Kat again before we run into more hounds?" 
       "With our luck?" Aaryn laughed. 
       Rose smiled bitterly. "Right, of course."
       "Then again, I think I heard Daud upstairs," Rihan said. 
       Aaryn nodded. "Yeah, I heard that scream too."
       "And we all know that where Kat is..." Rihan started.
       "...Daud is certainly not far," Aaryn finished with a grin. 
       "So upstairs?" Rose asked with a sigh. "Where we also heard the banshee?" 
       Rihan shrugged. "Better than wandering around here." 
       Rose shook her head with a sigh. "Yes, I suppose." 
       So, she pushed herself back up to her feet and retrieved her shield, strapping it to her back. It was unlikely she'd be able to use it again today with her shoulder the way it was, but it was equipment which would be expensive to replace later. 
       The three crept up the stairs. 
       The floor above began in a long hall extending in either direction perpendicular from the stairs. 
       "Split up?" Aaryn asked. 
       Rihan shook his head. "We're already scattered." 
       Aaryn nodded. "Left or right then?" 
       A haunting song floated down the hall from the right, as if to answer that question. It made Rose's skin crawl and a cold seemed to seep deeper into her body, making the hair on her arms stand on end. 
       "Left," Rihan said decisively, but in a far lowered voice. "We'll need Kat or Kerrie if we're going to have any chance of putting her to rest."
       "You don't think I can do it?" Aaryn asked. 
       "Just 'cuz you can trick priests into thinking you're one, doesn't mean for a second I believe any of the goddesses favor you."
       "Yee of such little faith," Aaryn said but didn't argue further. 
       Silently as they could, they crept down the hall away from the unnatural singing. Aaryn put an ear to each door before carefully opening them and peering with in. Three doors down he pushed one open all the way and waved the rest of the party in. 
       "Ri!" a blond-haired girl exclaimed as they entered the room. It was Kat, Rihan's older sister. Even at fourteen, she was already a true beauty. Even in leather armor, carrying a mace, with blood splattered across her cheek, she radiated elegance. 
       Just as Aaryn and Rihan had predicted, Daud stood beside Kat. Like Rose he wore leather armor reinforced with iron plates and carried a sword and shield. He stood well under a foot shorter than Kat and had a round face with thick eyebrows. At age twelve, there was no sign of the broad shoulders or solid chin he'd one day sport. 
       On the ground of the room lay another frost hound corpse.
       Her blue-green eyes widened as she noticed their wounds. "Are you all, all right?" 
       "Nothing your healing magic can't fix," Aaryn said with a pained smile. 
       "Of course! Come over here, all of you." She waved them over. 
       "I'm fine, Kat," Rihan said, stepping back. 
       She raised an eyebrow at him. 
       "Really, I promise." 
       "If he says he's fine, he's fine, Kat," Aaryn said, slapping Rihan on the back as he passed. "We all know he's the biggest baby when he's hurt. If he got so much as a scratch, we all know he'd be the first in line to get fixed up." 
	"I don't know," Daud said. "When its something serious, it seems like we're always the last to know." 
	Rose could only nod in agreement. In general, Rihan was good about delegating tasks to the one most suited to it. He knew each person's strengths and their weaknesses, and more importantly he was skilled in making the most of both and minimizing complications. However, he had an annoying habit of hiding his own weaknesses, even when they could help him. If he could avoid "inconveniencing" anyone, as he liked to say, he would. It wasn't something he was going to outgrow, unfortunately.
	"Me? Hide an injury?" Rihan shook his head. "Perish the thought." 
	"Just let me look, please." Kat looked at her little brother with drooping eyes and pouting lips. 
	Rihan sighed. "After you look at the other two. Then, you can poke me all you want if it'll make you stop worrying." 
	She brightened immediately, turning her attention to Aaryn. He unwrapped the bandage on his arm, revealing a deep bite wound
	Rihan just shook his head, looking to the ceiling. 
	"Anyway," Rihan said to Daud. "You two survived."
       Daud nodded. "We dodged some frost hounds until we got cornered by this one." He nudged the corpse on the floor with one foot. "We took care of it and we've been holed up here since then. Kinda just been waiting for you guys." 
	Closing her eyes, Kat put her hands together in prayer. Aaryn held his injured arm out in front of her. A faint yellow light glowed around her hands and his arm and
       Rihan nodded. "Good. Any sign of Kerrie?"
       Daud shook his head. "I was hoping she was with you." 
       "She'll be fine," Aaryn said as his wound finished closing. "She's tougher than the rest of us." He shot Kat a grin. "Thanks, Kat."
       "You're not thinking of just leaving her out there alone, are you?" Kat asked, glaring at her brother and Aaryn.
       Aaryn flexed his wrist as he walked away from Kat and toward the door. He patted Rose's good shoulder as he passed her, whispering to her, "Your turn." 
       "No," Rihan assured her. "Just, she has a better chance finding us than we do finding her."
       "Plus, with her talents, she can avoid the banshee and her pets way better than we can," Aaryn added as he took his place by the door. He stood with an eye to the slit between the door and its frame, keeping look out.  
       Kat frowned, but didn't argue further, instead focusing on Rose. "Where are you hurt?"
       "The left shoulder," Rose said. 
       Kat explored the injury with a finger. Rose winced at the touch. Kat frowned. "You'll need to take off the tunic." 
       "Okay," Rose said but she hesitated a moment before unlacing her leather tunic, her gaze shifting over Kat's shoulder to where Daud and Rihan stood talking. 
       Kat followed her gaze, her frown deepening. She slapped Rose's hand down. "Wait a moment."
       She turned to the boys. 
       "Kat," Rose grabbed Kat's sleeve, pulling her back. "Please, don't."
       Kat shook her off. Undaunted, she said, "I don't suppose I could ask you three to wait outside?"
       The boys all stared at her. Daud just blinked. 
        "What?" Rihan looked at the two girls, an eyebrow raised.  
       "The banshee could walk down the corridor any second," Aaryn said. 
       Kat stared back, her eyes flicking from Rose's wound to her brother. 
       Rihan followed his sister's eyes to Rose with a third of her tunic's lace undone. 
       "Oh."
       "Oh?" Kat repeated, gesturing for them to step out the door.   
       "Um..." Rose didn't look at any of them as she spoke. "They could all just face the wall?" 
       "But, we're ladies!"
       Rose shook her head. "It's fine, Kat."
       She had chosen this path. It wasn't for her to care about a lady's dignity now. She needed her arm to fight. And that meant Kat needed to heal it. And if that meant she'd be shirtless, then so be it.  
       Kat opened her mouth to protest further, but Rose put up a hand. "We trust them in fights against monsters, with our lives on the line. I think we can trust them not to peek." 
        "Fine," Kat said. "But if you think for a second I'll heal any of you three again if you so much as flinch in this direction, you"-
       "Yes, yes. Fire and brimstones upon us all," Rihan said, as he turned his back to the wall. "I think you've forgotten we're gentlemen. We would never." 
       Kat snorted, but began the chant for her healing spell rather than argue further. 
       "Gentlemen?" Rose asked as she finished unlacing her tunic. "Who? You?"
       "Rose, you wound me."
       Rose's shoulder exposed with her tunic off, Kat bathed the injury in the golden glow of her spell. A warmth spread through the shoulder, radiating from each gash out and down Rose's arm and back.  
       "You're always saying that," Daud said. "You're pretty easily hurt, aren't you?"
       "The truth hurts," Rose said. 
       The warmth and Kat's light faded, and with it the pain. Rose rolled her shoulder, just as surprised to find it as good as new as she had the first time Kat had healed her. 
       "Don't use your shield just yet," Kat warned. "You'll just tear the muscle there again."
       Rose nodded and pulled her tunic back on. When she'd re-laced it, she called to Rihan, "Your turn."
       Rihan crossed his arms as he turned to face them. "I really am perfectly fine." 
       Kat strode across the room and pushed him against the wall. He winced on impact. 
       "Really?" she asked him. 
       Rihan smiled, but the corner of his lips wavered, betraying his nerves. He tried to bluff it out anyway, "Really." 
       Kat jabbed her finger into his right thigh. Rihan didn't quite scream. 
       "Really?" she repeated. 
       Rihan nodded, but his eyes were closed and his jaw clenched. 
       In Kat's place, Rose would have thrown her hands up in anger and demanded he quit the tough act or she'd ignore the injury completely, telling him to blame himself if he died. But Kat could never ignore someone in pain. If she could she'd heal everyone, whether they wanted it or not. Kat could never turn down a person in need. It didn't matter to her who they were or what they might have done, or what they might do in the future.  
	In a whimpering voice, she said, "Rihan..."
	Her brother's head drooped. 
	"Are you really going to lie to me?" 
	He sighed. 
	"Are you really going to pretend to be fine and not let your wound be treated? And then, in your next fight, be unable to fight at full strength? And then, Rose or Daud will leap to protect you, and they'll be horribly hurt. And then you'll be terribly upset and blame yourself. And then, unable to focus on the current dangers, something will slip by, and we'll all be killed in a encounter you otherwise would have planned so perfectly none of us would have even been hurt. Is that what you want? For us to all die?"
	"Kat..." 
	"Yes, Ri?" 
	"I seem to have hurt my leg in the last engagement." 
	"That's what I thought," Kat said, crossing her arms. "Come on. Let's look at it." She glanced at Rose and added, "Your turn to face the wall." 
	Rose nodded and found an interesting patch of wall to stare at as Rihan was pulled along by his sister.  
        "What's the plan from here," Rose asked Rihan without turning. 
	"That depends," he said. "Mostly on how much energy Kat has left after this."
	"Let's pretend she has none," Rose said. 
	"We go find Kerrie."
	"We're in that bad a place?" 
	"I'm sure Kat'll be okay," Daud said. 
	"Did she need to heal you before we got here?" Rihan asked. 
	"Yeah, but, it was nothing major." From the defensive tone in Daud's voice, Rose was sure he'd crossed his arms in front of his chest. He rarely got defensive of himself, but for Kat, that was a different story entirely.
	"Well, in order to quiet the banshee, someone is going to need to cast Purify. Of the six of us, only Kat and Kerrie are able." 
	"I can," Kat said, although her voice seemed faint to Rose's ear. 
	"You sure?" Daud asked. There was worry in those words. So Rose hadn't imagined it. 
	"You can stop staring at the wall, Rose," Rihan said. "And, Kat, you sure you are up to it?" 
	Kat bit her lip but nodded. "I think so. Kerrie would be better. Her Purify is much stronger." 
	"But you have better affinity for it," Rihan said. Purify was a Compassionate spell, the same school of magic as the healing spells Kat had been using only moments before. Kerrie's specialty was the combat oriented Conviction magic.  
	Kat shook her head. "I can't keep it up for long, and it takes me several seconds to activate it. Kerrie has the energy to do it forever it seems. And it's almost instantaneous, her cast." 
	Rihan frowned. 
	"You sure we shouldn't go find her?" Daud asked.
	Rihan shook his head. "If she hasn't found us, it means she's doing something else. I trust she'll find us when she can." 
	"Then what are we going to do?" Aaryn asked. 
	Rihan thought for a moment. It did not take long for his pensive stare to turn into his mischievous smile though. With that grin of his he said, "Listen close, this is the plan." 
The Banshee
	Quietly, Rose, Aaryn, and Rihan crept down the hall toward the ghostly lullaby. Aaryn led the way, a few steps ahead of the rest. He stopped before the door at the end of the hall, opening it a crack. A dense fog oozed through the narrow opening. Even several feet away from the door, the cold of the room beyond sucked away the warmth in Rose's body.
	Aaryn peered through the crack, before pushing the door forward. It creaked on its rusting hinges, but the banshee's crying lullaby did not faulter. He crept into the room, waving the other two to follow him. 
	It was a bedroom, or it had been. A window took up most of the wall to their right. The tattered remains of curtains hung on either side of the dusty panes, through which a pale moon lit the mist filled room. A four-poster bed stood in the center of the room, the headboard pressed against the far wall.  Above it a faded painting hung. In it a man in a blue suit and woman in an officer's uniform posed, their hands held tight. 
       Between the bed and the window sat the banshee. 
       She sat hunched over in an old wooden chair. Her skin was pale, her body just barely translucent. A mass of dark hair surrounded her shoulders, most of it contained with in a grey hood, but all of it writhing as if each lock were a snake. She wore a white dress, the hem stained dark, whether from age and dust or blood and gore, it was impossible to say. Her hands, long claw like appendages, she held over her face, and into them she sobbed her haunting lullaby as she rocked back and forth in place. At her feet lay another frost hound. 
       She didn't seem to notice as the three of Vagabonds entered the room, but her pet raised its head. Its glowing blue eyes darted between the them, a low snarl building in its throat. 
       "Lady Irideth," Rihan said. "It is time to rest."
       The banshee did not stop her keening. The hound at her feet rose. Rose and Aaryn readied their weapons.  
       "Lady Irideth," Rihan repeated. "Please, release your soul." 
       The hound howled and the fog around their feet thickened and froze. The cold sunk through even Rose's thick leather boots, cut her straight to the bone. 
       The banshee's head rolled back, her hands staying over her face. Her chilling voice joined in the frost hound's howl, echoing around the dilapidated room. Around them, runic circles materialized in the air, as if etched in the thickening fog and written in moonlight. 
       "She's casting," Aaryn warned. "Get back!"
       As he said this, the runes shone in the same ghostly blue of the frost hound's eyes and her hands flew from her face. Spines of ice spewed from the fog covered floor and a layer of frost covered everything in the room. 
       Caught unprepared, one spine smashed into Rihan, splintering into thousands of ice shards as it collided with his breast plate and knocking the wind from his lungs. Another sliced Rose's upper arm, glancing across her arm between two armor plates. Aaryn alone managed to avoid the ice spears. 
       The hound phased through the ice, running through them as if they were not there and speeding over the ice slicked ground as if it were solid stone. It lunged at Rihan. Still off balance from the ice spear, he had no chance of avoiding the attack or defending himself.
       Rose didn't think twice. She threw herself between Rihan and the monster. Her sword slashed across its chest as it tackled her and the two crashed through ice spines and into the floor. 
       She managed to get her arms over her face as they fell, trying in vain to protect her vulnerable neck and face. 
       It tore at her limbs anyway. She struggled against it. Struggled against it with all her might. But under the full weight of the beast, that was all she could do. Struggle. 
       Somewhere she could hear the banshee cackling, her song finally stopped. Rihan shouted her name. She struggled. 
       The hound bit deep into her forearm. It bit and tore and shook. She didn't let it fall away from her head. Blood tickled down onto her face. 
       Her blood? The beasts?  
       It froze on her face, sapping the warmth further from her body. 
       It didn't matter. All she could do was struggle. 
       She had to struggle.
       The mist seemed to envelope her. There was only pain and darkness and cold.
       Above her, there was a sudden increase in weight, and then decrease. The hound rolled off her. A hand dropped down before her. 
       "Rose, come on, we need to go." Rihan kneeled over her. 
       Dazed Rose nodded. Rihan put a hand around her shoulder and helped her to her feet. 
       The frost hound lay beside her. Its head lay mostly separated from its body. 
       "Aaryn, fall back!" Rihan called as he pulled one of Rose's arms over his shoulder. 
	"Coming," Aaryn called as he sidestepped a new ice spear the banshee summoned from the mist with a howling wail and an array of glowing blue runes. 
 	The three ran down the hall, Rose and Rihan at the lead shambling as quickly as Rose was able, Aaryn a little further behind as slow as he dared, with the howling banshee at his tail. 
	That was meant to be her job, Rose bitterly thought. Aaryn was supposed to run ahead and warn Kat they were coming. 
	"Why did you do that?" Rihan asked her as they ran. 
	"Do what?" Rose asked. 
	"Jump in front of that frost hound." 
	Rose would have liked to laugh, but it hurt too much. She settled for coughing. "What else could I do?" 
	"Let me protect myself," Rihan hissed. 
	Rose shook her head. "That's not how this works, highness"
	"Rose..." 
	She smiled at him. "For the kingdom, for the crown prince, for each other. That was our oath. Don't think that you are any less a member of 'each other' than the rest of us." 
	"But, if it'd been Daud."
	"And he had just had the wind knocked out of him, I would have done the same," Rose said. "Now stop being stupid and figure out how to warn Kat we're coming. Or did you forget Aaryn was supposed to run ahead?"
	"Well if you hadn't gone and gotten hurt," Rihan said with a half-hearted smile. 
       They approached the stairs, soon Kat wouldn't have time. Rihan took a deep breath, and shouted, "Incoming! Kat, be ready in: Five!" 
	The two of them took the stairs two at a time.
	"Four!"
	Behind them Aaryn leapt out of the path of an ice spear, but directly into one of her clawed hands. It left a set of long gashes across his back. He cried in pain, stumbling onto the first step of the stairs. 
	"Three!" Rihan called, unhooking Rose from over his shoulder and pushing her forward. He turned and threw a long dagger at the banshee. It tumbled past Aaryn's ear and into the spirit's shoulder. She howled again. 
	Aaryn ran past Rihan, catching up with Rose. He put one of her arms over his shoulder and pulled her along, helping her through the door at the far end of the room. 
	"Two!" 
	The banshee had reached the bottom of the stairs. Rihan backed up to the door way, throwing another dagger at the creature as he moved. An ice spine knocked it from the air as it flew. 
	She let loose another blood curdling shriek, her head arching back, her hands spread to either side. Mist shrouded runes formed around her, as if drawing in unnatural powers.
	"One," Rihan said, as the banshee charged the doorway. He dodged out of the doorway, letting her run past him, and into the sphere of golden light which filled this room. 
	At the center of the light stood Kat, her hands clenched together in prayer, her eyes tight shut. In a hushed voice she chanted her prayer: a request for peace and plea for quiet. Before her, his sword drawn but not yet raised, stood Daud, ever her knight protector. Behind them Rose and Aaryn stood, leaning on each other for support. 
	In the glowing light the banshee stood stunned, her features shifting in the warming light. Her eyes which had been sunken glowing orbs softened into a gentle brown. Her gaping mouth and unhinged jaw filled with razor sharp teeth became a lady's lips. Hair which had writhed like snakes, now lay silky smooth beneath her hood. Her hands, still long and calloused, no longer claws. 
	In the glowing warmth of Kat's prayer, she no longer looked the monster. In that miraculous light she was again the lady she had been in life. 
	Behind her, Rihan repeated his call. "Lady Irideth, it is time to rest." 
	She looked around her, her eyes wide with worry. "Where am I? Where is my husband?" 
	"Lady, please, you are in your home. You and your husband have been dead for twenty years. He has gone on to rest long ago." 
	"Lies!" she shouted. "Lies! He can't be dead. I only just left. I left to protect him. He can't be dead."
	"No, miss, no," Rihan said, shaking his head. "The war you fought in was twenty years ago."
	"And we won," she said. "He should be alive. I came home alive. We were going to start our family. He said he'd wait for me." 
	"But he wasn't," Rihan said. "Please remember. The only way to join him is to rest yourself."
	"No. He must be alive. If he isn't, why did I fight?" She looked about the room hesitantly. "Surely, surely this is just a dream. He's alive. I know he is. How can he have died before me?" 
	"Bandits," Rihan said. "They raided your home while you were gone. They killed the men and took most of the women. Your husband was no exception." 
	"No." She shook her head. "No! He couldn't have. That couldn't have happened." 
	The light flickered. 
	"You can do this," Daud whispered to Kat behind him. "I believe in you." 
	"Lady Irideth," Rihan said. "Please, you need to remember and accept it."
	"No, you are lying!" She wore her officer's uniform now. She shook her sword at Rihan. "Because if that were true, if that were true, I would have tracked those bastards down. I would have killed them all."
	The light flickered again. Longer this time. 
	"And you did," Rihan said. "You tracked them back to their lair. Single handedly you destroyed all of them. Between your sword and your magic, not a single one of them survived that day."
	"I did..." Her head dropped, her eyes wide. She stood there limp, muttering to herself over and over, "I did. I killed them." 
	As she did Kat's light flickered again. 
	Kat took a deep breath, her prayer growing louder, as if volume could make up for exhaustion. 
	"But then," the banshee muttered to herself. "I didn't stop there."   
	Rihan took a deep breath, weighing his options. There wasn't much time left. Kat was about to break. And when that happened, the woman would revert back to the monster she had been. 
	"I kept killing, didn't I?" she said. She rose her blade, running her eyes over the edge, as if discovering it for the first time. As she watched it, the blade turned red. The crimson color dripped from the blade, staining her hands, her uniform's sleeves. 
	"I chased bandit camp after bandit camp. I joined adventurers when I could. I hunted them by myself when I couldn't. Up and down the kingdom. I fought. I killed." 
	Her uniform was gone now. She wore a mercenaries' leather armor, scars covered her face and hands. Her sword's edge was chewed up, covered in nicks and chips. Her eyes no longer focused on anything, instead seeming to look through their targets. 
	"Yes," she said, her voice unhinged. "I wanted one of them to kill me. So I could join him. But I was too strong. Too proud to end it myself, too strong for any common thug to end me." 
	She paused. The light went out for a full second before coming back on. 
	"But not too proud to kill my comrades." She laughed. It was a broken laugh. It had more in common with the banshee's wail than any sound of mirth. "I attacked the town guards. I don't know why I thought they could kill me. They couldn't stop the bandits that had killed my husband, so of course they were weaker than the bandits I'd been slaughtering for years. 
	"But..." Two seconds before the light came back on this time. "But it brought adventurers. I killed them in droves. I attacked nobility, hoping to raise the bounty on me. Hoping to raise the quality in my pursuers." 
	She grinned, an expression so lacking in warmth or joy it sent a chill through Rose's heart. "That finally worked. The king's wife none the less. The lady knight herself, Kristina of the Lightning Blade. Only then I met my match."
	"And so, you met your end," Rihan said. "Your story ended that day. There is no reason to linger any longer."
	She cackled. "You think I can pass on? After all I've done? You think he'll want to see me after all I've done?" 
	A tear trickled down her face, as she cast her head back. "You think I deserve peace?"
	It was then that Kat collapsed. The light she'd been projecting went out completely. 
	"Kat!" Rihan shouted, drawing his sword. 
	Daud edged forward, raising his blade and shield.
	"You think I deserve that?" the banshee screamed. Her form again shifted to that of the monster, her tentative grasp on sanity fleeing. 
	"Yes," Kat whispered. She knelt beside Daud, a quivering hand on his shoulder for support. 
       The banshee blinked, caught between woman and monster, uncertain she had heard the child before her correctly.
	"Yes," Kat called again, louder. A new light had begun to fill the room. Not the warm glow that Kat had been projecting, and not centered on the young girl struggling to stand again. 
       It was a white light. Cold, but pure. Like a fresh snow fall. And it was bright. Far brighter than the meager light Kat had conjured up before.  
       It emanated from the girl standing in the doorway. She wore a heavy cloak, the hood down for once. White hair, braided on one side, framed her face. Eyes, glowing purple, shone with resolve as she watched her companions. She held her hands out in front of her, palms out. Under her breath she chanted the words of the purifying spell, cleansing the resentment, the fear, and the regret. 
       Keres Alistair, sixth member of the Wandering Vagabonds had arrived. 
       The banshee didn't return to her human form, but neither did she progress further into that of a monster. She stood before Kat, unmoving, her head cocked to one side. 
       "Of course, you deserve to see him again," Kat said. "No matter what you've done. He will forgive you."
       "How could he?" the banshee asked, her voice warped with her partial transformation. 
       "He loved you," Kat said. The words were simple. Perhaps too simple. Perhaps spoken by a girl who had not seen enough of the cruel world yet. But they were spoken with such simple sincerity. 
       "And that absolves me?" The woman laughed, bitterly now, not inhumanly. 
       "No." Again, a simple answer. "But that doesn't change that he loves you. And that doesn't change that he deserves to see you. Wants to see you." 
       "He can't possibly." 
       "He does," Kat insisted. 
       "No." She shook her head. "I can't face him. Not like this. Not after all I've done." 
       Kat stepped forward, past Daud. She stood in front of the banshee, taking the woman's hands in her own. Squeezing them lightly, she said, "You only hurt him further by staying away."
       "And so, I can't..." 
       "And so, the only way to make it right is to go to him now," Kat said. "Go and apologize. Apologize to all those you can. All of them are waiting beyond. You aren't the only one you hurt by lingering here." 
       "I can't." 
       "You can," Kat urged. She smiled up at the woman. "This is something only you can do. What ever is waiting. I know that some of it will be painful, but I think we both agree, that after everything, some of it should be. But some of it will be good. Some of it will be peaceful. If nothing else, you'll see him again." 
       "I..."
       "You can." Kat squeezed her hands again, smiling. 
       The woman nodded. "Al-Alright."
       Kat let her hands go. The light in the room brightened. The banshee took a step back. She looked up, sighing deeply. She put a hand up, as if reaching into the other world. Slowly, her body became more and more translucent. 
       It didn't take long for her to all but disappear. Just before she completely faded out of sight, it seemed to Rose that the woman smiled. 
       As she disappeared, a silver comb fell to the ground where she had been standing. 
       Kat bent down to pick it up as the magic light faded. 
       Rihan ran up to her. "Good job, Kat." 
       Kat shook her head. "I didn't do much. We were just lucky Kerrie got here when she did." 
       "No, I never would have thought to lie to her like that," Rihan said. "It was good you took over coaching her into the other world."
       Kat shook her head again. "I didn't lie." 
       "But you don't seriously believe all that?" 
       "Love finds a way, Ri," Kat said. "And I don't believe that anyone, no matter how terrible will be at the mercy of the goddess Kyrinith for all eternity. Eventually her sister Evelhin must come and rescue them. And at that point, surely she and her husband would be together again, if not sooner." 
       Aaryn shook his head. "You believe all that stuff too much, Kat."
       Rihan just smiled and put an arm around his sister. "Just promise me you won't hold the hands of any more monsters, okay?"
       Kat smiled and nodded. "I think I can promise that." 
       "Good, lets get Rose and Aaryn bandaged up and we'll get out of here then." 
       


Framing Wrap Up:
	"Keres Alistair, the banished mage, was a Wandering Vagabond?" the princess asked. There was less shock in the words than Rose had expected, but neither was it completely absent. 
	"Yes," Rose said. "The rumors are true. The most hated woman in all the kingdom was once among those most loved."
	"But she wasn't really part of the team, right?" the princess pressed. "I mean, she barely did anything." 
	Rose laughed. "Barely did anything?" She shook her head, a fond smile on her lips. "Rihan, Aaryn, and I we killed five frost hounds together. Rihan and I killed two more as they separated us initially. Daud later told me that he and Katryn killed another three. That is ten in total killed by the five of us. When we finished clearing the building, we found a basement in which we found twelve more that she had taken out on her own. That was what she had been doing while the rest of us grouped up and prepared to fight the banshee."
	"She was a mage, wasn't she?" the princess asked. "So, shouldn't killing lots of monsters at once be her specialty?" 
	Rose nodded. "But do you know how a mage is able to do that, highness?" 
	"Training?" 
	"Well, yes," Rose acknowledged, "But more importantly, team work. Mages take time to cast their spells. It requires prep work, channeling time. In a team, swordsmen like Daud and I, we kept the enemy busy and off of our mages to give them time to cast without distractions. 
	"Without a front line, she had to dodge all her enemies while simultaneously concentrating on channeling the forces of the universe through her body. This in and of itself is an impressive feat. However, this is not the reason there are very few mages on the battle field."
	"It isn't?" the princess asked. 
	"How much do you know about magic, highness?" Rose asked. 
	"It's a gift from the divine. To invoke it one must devote themselves to one of the three goddesses of this world: Kyrinith of Conviction, Evelhin of Compassion, or Mara of Truth."
	Rose nodded. "A strong connection is not required, just a profession that it exists. With this, and the proper initiation, one may channel the energies of the world, given one is in the right frame of mind." 
	"What does that mean?" 
	"One pledged to Evelhin can only cast spells with the desire help or bring about positive change. One pledged to Mara must cast with a desire for knowledge. If under the influence of Kyrinith, one must be upholding the promise they made at their initiation. Most battle mages belong to the last category. The stronger one's conviction in their promise, the more one is willing to cast aside for that promise, the greater their power. 
	"That power can be further heightened if those around the mage share that conviction. In general, combat mages in the army have sworn to protect our country to their last breath, and are stronger when casting together, surrounded by soldiers. However, the enemy usually holds opposite convictions, wishing to protect their country with equal fervor. This dampening effect is usually called the Aura of Malice, and it weakens a mage's connection to the energies they control or makes it dangerous to try to affect them. This is true of all three branches of magic. 
	"This is the reason there are few mages in adventurer parties, the reason magic is rare outside the churches or the academy. Few hold anything in their hearts strongly enough to control any real power. Fewer still have the temperament to withstand the Aura of Malice. And among those, only a handful have any interest in a battle field." 
  	"But what about monsters?" the princess asked. "The banshee used magic. And the frost hounds' bites could freeze flesh. You don't mean that they have some sort of desire that aligns with a goddess?"
	"An astute question, highness," Rose said. "That same thing is true of the demons of the North. It is for that reason the academy declared them another species totally separate from humanity long ago. And yet, the reason they can use magic? None in the academy have determined."  
	"Wasn't Keres's father a Northern demon?" the princess asked. 
	"I think that is enough questions for one night, highness," Rose said. "Please excuse me. I hope this glimpse of the truth was all you hoped it would be."
	"Wait, Lady Rose!" 
	But Rose did not stop, but rather-at an even pace, her head held high, her face the image of composure-fled from the Hall of Heroes. 



Framing Set Up: 
	Rose would never admit to avoiding the young princess, however it was not coincidence that she changed her patrol's route so she visited the Hall of Heroes earlier in the day or that junior knights were assigned to the young princess on her outings. 
	However, the girl was a Lolyk and had all the tenacity of her older siblings. Rose was not surprised to hear the knock at her door or for the young princess to be standing outside when she answered it. 
	"Good evening, highness," Rose said. "To what do I owe the pleasure?"
	"Why have you been avoiding me?" The girl stomped her foot, her arms crossed. 
	"Highness," Rose chided. "I hate to think my busy schedule has led you to such a misunderstanding." 
	The princess glowered at Rose. 
	"Would you like to come in?" Rose asked. "I was going to have tea before turning in for the evening, you may join me if you wish."
	"Fine," the girl said. 
	Rose held the door for her as she entered. 
	Rose's room was a moderately sized room, a bed in one corner, a window overlooking the palace garden on one wall. A small table with two chairs stood in the center of the room. The walls were decorated with paintings, most of flowers. 
	Rose pulled out one of the two chairs for the princess. She sat in it, but her frown did not dissipate in the slightest. If anything, it only grew as Rose pushed the chair in for her. 
	A teapot was already sitting on the table beside which stood a single cup. Both were decorated with roses, although the art style of the cup and teapot did not match. Rose took a second cup down from a shelf and poured the tea for the princess. 
	Her guest served, Rose took her seat across from her. "Sorry, there are no cookies, highness. I hadn't planned on guests. We could call a servant to run to the kitchen for something." 
	The princess shook her head. "No, I didn't come here for snacks."
	"No," Rose said. She sipped her tea, watching the princess over the cup's rim.
	"I want to know how my brother and sister could have been friends with the banished mage," the princess said.
	Rose nodded. She had expected this. 
       "I've asked everyone else," she said. "No one will tell me anything." 
       Rose nodded again. "There are very few people still in the palace from that time, highness. I imagine it was out of ignorance they could tell you nothing, not willfulness that they would tell you nothing." 
       "Except you." 
       Rose sighed. "What good is dredging up the past, highness?" 
       "Why hide it?" she countered. 
       "Because some things are painful to recall." 
       "So, they should be forgotten?" 
       "So, they should be allowed to rest." 
       The princess looked away, her tea still untouched. Instead her hands lay clenched in her lap. 
       "I just," the princess started to say. "I just want to know what they were like. The siblings I never knew, and the people around them. I want to know how my infallible brother could have fought alongside the most dangerous woman to ever walk our kingdom. How my saintly sister could have tolerated a woman of such evil. How they could have called her a friend." 
	"You could say its easy to look back and point out all the mistakes one or others have made. And one would usually say that it is only the wisdom of hindsight which lets you do it. But in this case, you could easily say they should have known. True, Keres Alistair was not yet the Banished Mage, but in her childhood she had a number of other less than pleasant monikers. The cursed child. The demon girl. A child of misfortune. We were warned on numerous occasions to stay away from her." 
	"Then why didn't you?" 
	"Perhaps because, at the time, she was a pitiful child? But it would be better to tell this story from the beginning. So, listen close, this is the origin of Keres Alistair, one which few others would dare tell." 


Story: Rose Comes to the Capital
The Carriage
	 Rose, at ten, sat on the cushioned bench of her family's carriage. Her mother, an imposing woman in red, sat to her right. She was a tall, willowy woman, always dressed in the multilayered skirts of silk and satin, bedecked in lace. Even sitting in the bouncing carriage, she sat with poise, cooling herself with her silk fan and talking to her husband, who sat opposite her.  
	Her father was a small man with weathered skin and calloused hands, more at home among the farmers he managed and the sailors he negotiated with in his barony than among his noble peers. Still, for this trip to the capital, he had cleaned up, trading his riding clothes for a suite of Delores maroon. 
	Across from Rose sat her younger brother beside their father. The dark-haired boy made faces at Rose, which she returned. 
	THWAP. The baroness of Delores swatted her daughter's leg with her closed fan. She said nothing, didn't break off her conversation with her husband. Only her iron grey eyes flicked in Rose's direction as the fan unfurled before her face again. Those glaring eyes repeated the command she had already given Rose too many times, "A lady does not do that." 
	Rose schooled her giggling grin back to the demure smile she was supposed to wear and dropped her gaze from her little brother and only playmate to the embroidery hoop in her lap. She had begun working on the family crest-a ship above crossed swords and surrounded by flowers in white on a field of red-when they had left home with instructions to have it finished by the time they arrived in the capital. However, here they were on the streets of the capital, riding up to the palace itself, and she had only finished the boat. 
	She knew she would be reprimanded when they were settled in and no one could see them, but there was little she could do about it now. Rose did enjoy embroidery, but in comparison to watching strange lands go by from the carriage window or exploring the places they stopped with her brother, it was a dull task. 
	As it was, Rose was much more interested in the streets of the capital, than in keeping her stiches even. Her mother claimed it was possible to do both, but Rose had yet to master the skill. And even at ten, Rose was of the opinion one should either do something right, or not do it at all. 
	So unable to focus on the thread in her hands, she watched the streets pass them by. 
	It was much busier than her country home. The houses were taller and narrower, pressed much closer together. Carriages passed them in both directions and there seemed a never-ending sea of people rushing around them.
	A stone wall rose up from the horizon before them, pennants fluttering from the ramparts. Beyond it, the palace waited, it's towers of white stone glistening in the morning sun above the grey outer walls. 
       Guards wearing silver armor and stern expressions waved the carriage through the outer wall and into the palace. 
       Well-manicured grounds spread around them as they approached the palace. This was not an edifice of defense, but rather a show of opulence. A great open field of emerald grass filled the space between the wall and palace to the left, pink and yellow daisies dotting the expanse. Horses of white and black grazed idly there. To the right twisting hedges wound there way across the palace grounds into a great labyrinth of foliage. 
       Ahead, stood the palace. 
       They disembarked at the palace steps, Rose's father, her mother, her brother, and then finally Rose. Her slippered foot stepped directly from the carriage to the polished stone of the steps, her many-layered dress, inherited from an older cousin, never once brushing the dirt of the road.
	A young woman in pink and gold skirts waited for them at the top step in the shade of the porch, her hands folded around a silk and lace fan of matching colors. She smiled, brushing a wavy strand of copper blond hair blown out of place by the wind back into place behind an ear. "Welcome, Lord Delores." 
	Rose's father nodded. "Pleasure, your highness, Princess Faris."
	"Congratulations on your coming of age," Rose's mother added. She nudged Rose, who stepped forward holding a thin box wrapped in pink ribbon. She offered it to the princess, looking up at her as the girl bent down to take it. 
       The baroness continued speaking, "This is but a small present from our craftsmen. When you wear it, I hope you will remember us fondly."  
	"Thank you, Lady," the princess said, opening the box. A necklace of silver set with a deep red stone lay within. "It is beautiful. I will treasure it always.
	"But, come, I'll have a servant show you to your rooms." The princess waved them inside. 
	
Tea with the Ladies of Lolyk
	It was several hours later, after the Delores family had settled into the guest rooms of the palace, that the baroness of Delores met with her duchess, Lady Haltrin. They sat in the palace garden, four ladies of the realm and two girls, around a white wicker table, drinking tea and fanning themselves. They looked like great birds, their colorful skirts their plumage, puffed out in a display of dominance, their hats and headdresses their crests, each more impressive than the last. 
       But none of the ladies could match the Duchess Haltrin.
       Her outer skirt and bodice were of sunset orange, the under skirts were of pale yellow. Each layer was lined with lace of white and gold. she wore a wide lace ruff around her neck, as well as a gold chain from which hung several precious stones. Similar bracelets hung from her wide wrists and a ring graced each fat finger. Her brunet hair had been piled high on her head, through which ribbon and feathers had been strung.
       "Time flies, doesn't it?" The lady in blue said. She sipped her tea and shook her head.
       The woman in green opposite her nodded. "To think the princess is already sixteen."
       "And she is such a lovely young lady, why, if I had a son her age..."
       "Yes," Lady Delores said, setting her teacup down. "Such a lovely girl, especially considering she grew up without a mother."
       "Yes, the passing of Queen Esmerelda was truly tragic." Green nodded.
       "Tragic,'' echoed Blue.
       "But it wasn't as if she had no mother," Green said.
       "That's right. What of Miss Kristina?"
       "The King's second wife?" Baroness Delores asked. "Surely you don't think the princess learned her courtly ways from the merchant's daughter, do you?" 
       "Queen Kristina," The Duchess said, "Is no longer but a merchant's daughter."
       The baroness shook her head. "I meant no disrespect to our queen. She possesses many admirable qualities. She has even thought to return from the front for the occasion."
       "Is it true she leads the army on the Korthian front?" Green asked. 
       "The King made her the general of his army there, yes," Blue said. 
       "It is impressive how far she has come from the day his highness presented her to the kingdom," the duchess said.
       "Indeed," the baroness said. "You might almost mistake her for a noble man." 
       The women continued their gossip, the subject ranging from the king's health, to the wealth of their neighbors, to the potential marriages for the princess now that she was of age. Rose was supposed to be paying attention and absorbing the techniques of backhanded compliments and courtly kiss ups, but the warm sun and sticky tea cakes were much more inviting of her attention. 
       The girl beside the duchess though seemed to be eating up the conversation without reservation. She watched the duchess closely, nodding with the other ladies. 
       "Is it true?" Blue asked, her voice dropping a few decibels. "About the Duchess of Alistair?" 
       "What, that her daughter is a demon?" the baroness asked. She shook her head. "That's nonsense. If that were the case, she'd never have been allowed into the palace. Alistair wouldn't have kept her position."
       "But it is true she went missing nine years ago," Green said. "She was taken by demons." 
       "Really?" 
       Duchess Haltrin nodded. "Her guard was killed down to the last man. Her servants escaped, but not one told the same story to any who investigated later." 
       "I heard she had gone willingly," Blue said. "That she ran off with the demon captain rather than marry Lord Corval."
       "A lady doesn't run out on her betrothed," the baroness said.  
       "And a year later she reappeared at the gates of his keep, still wanting to marry him," Green added. 
       "But she was eight months pregnant, or so the story goes," Blue insisted. 
       "If she had run off with a demon, would she have returned?" 
       "But how could she have escaped the North, pregnant like she was? Her demon husband must have let her go." 
       "I heard adventurers rescued her."  
       The duchess shook her head. "Several search parties were sent after the Duchess of Alistair after her disappearance. Not one trace of her was ever discovered." 
       "Then how did she ever return?" 
       "It is unknown how it is that she reappeared at her betrothed's home, nor would she ever say. However, Lord Corval still married her." 
       "She was still Duchess of Alistair after all." 
       "The whole incident should have left her in disgrace," the baroness said. "For him to marry a woman pregnant with another man's child." She shook her head. "A demon's child to boot." 
       "Her family had no other children," Duchess Haltrin said. "And her cousin was not popular with her people. They welcomed her back as their duchess with open arms. Lord Corval was a youngest son, with no land in his future. His wife's honor was a small thing to pay for the extensive lands of her duchy." 
       "Disgusting," the baroness said. "And the child? Was it at least disposed of properly?"
       "I heard it was to late to terminate the pregnancy," Blue said. 
       "But after," the baroness said. "Surely they had such an abomination put down." 
       "But it was her child!" Green exclaimed. 
       "It was a demon's child," Blue said.
       "Her advisors urged her to dispose of the child, as did Lord Corval," the duchess said. "But she would not hear of it."
       "You cannot be serious," the baroness said. 
       "Even if the girl would never inherit the title of duchess, even if the girl's father was a demon, she was her daughter."
       "And you are telling me this child is wandering the palace?" 
       Duchess Haltrin nodded. "Lady Alistair and her daughter have been here for the past three years." 
       "What?" The baroness was at a loss for words, her composure lost. "Three years?" 
       The duchess nodded. 
       "But who is running her lands if she is here? A short trip, I understand, maybe even a season, especially in the winter. But three years?" 
       "Her husband, the Duke of Alistair has of course." 
       "But, he is Duke by marriage. His authority is second to hers. She should be there. It is by her authority that her lands do any business. For her to delegate to anyone, even her spouse..." She shook her head. "It is an unparalleled disgrace. How dare she call herself Duchess of Alistair." 
       "What could possibly make her do this?" Green asked. 
       "The child." Duchess Haltrin shook her head. "The girl, as she grew older, grew strange."
       "I heard her eyes glow?" 
       "That she carries a curse?"
       "Nonsense," the baroness said. "Curses? Not even a demon's child would be so despised by the goddesses."
       "But her eyes do glow, and her hair is unearthly white, her ears unnaturally pointed. And if the mages of the Tower are to be believed, she holds an inexplicable connection to magic, more akin to the instinctual magic of monsters and demons than of the pact we make with the goddesses," Duchess Haltrin said. "Lady Alistair is here with her daughter hoping Lolyk's greatest magicians can cure her daughter of her demonic heritage. It is a fool's errand, and she knows it. She knows that it is long past time for the real solution, but she will not do it. Despite everything, it is still her daughter."
       "I've heard the girl called a demon," Green said. 
       "Those I was talking to insist she is cursed," Blue added. 
       "It hardly matters," the baroness said. "Her existence is wrong." 
       "Indeed," the duchess said. "But, it is not our call to make. And our King and our archmage humor her requests. However, it would be best if they were ignored or avoided." 
       
       It seemed an eternity before tea and gossip ended. But eventually, the ladies moved off to other social events, leaving Rose with the duchess's daughter. Her name was Lynna. She was a year older than Rose, but otherwise looked very much like a miniature of her mother. 
       The two of them had been left to socialize together as they worked on their embroidery. No doubt, Rose's mother intended this as an opportunity for Rose to cozy up with the future duchess of Haltrin, but it took up most of Rose's attention avoiding stabbing herself with her needle to make small talk. 
       Lynna seemed to have no such problem. She twittered away at all manner of things, to which Rose only made noncommittal responses when the girl paused to breath. Her responses were more well formed than grunts, her mother would have disowned her on the spot if she was so disrespectful to the future duchess, but they were only marginally better. 
       "Your stich work is rather bad, isn't it?" Lynna peered over Rose's work. 
       Rose stopped mid stich. 
       "You've been focusing so hard," the girl continued, "But you're so slow and they are still really messy." 
       Rose opened her mouth to protest, but what could she say? To begin with, a glance at the future duchess's work fully illustrated the difference in their skill level. And secondly, even if it were not the case that her skill was lacking, one did not disagree with those of higher standing, or so her mother had beaten into her. Lynna was the duchess's daughter. Her family's lands subsumed Rose's. One day, Lynna would be Rose's lord. 
       "I could show you a trick or two to help you," Lynna continued, either ignoring or not noticing Rose's discomfort. "With some practice, I'm sure you could achieve a passable level." 
       Passable? 
       Sure, Rose could admit she was not the greatest. She would even readily admit she was slow. But that she wasn't even passable? 
       "Excuse me?" Rose managed to choke out.
       Lynna cocked her head to the side, 
34


